Suggestions on Pipeline_webserver (#25570)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/pipeline_webserver.md

Then the queuing mechanism allows you to do fancy stuff like maybe accumulating a few
items before inferring to use dynamic batching:

> <Tip warning={true}>
> **Important**
> The code is intentionally written like pseudo-code for readability.
> Do not run this without checking if it makes sense for your system resources!
> </Tip>

Reviewer: No need to add "important" since this warning callout means essentially the same thing :)

```suggestion
<Tip warning={true}>

The code sample below is intentionally written like pseudo-code for readability.
Do not run this without checking if it makes sense for your system resources!

</Tip>
```

    await rq.put(out)
```

> Again, The proposed code is optimized for readability, not for being the best code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Again, the proposed code is optimized for readability, not for being the best code.
```
